c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Application4.exe
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Application4.pdb
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Application4.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BlankPage.g.cs
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BlankPage.xaml
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\Application4.exe
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\Application4.pdb
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\mitko\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BasicPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BasicPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\obj\Debug\BasicPage1.xaml
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\shadow.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\background.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\1.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\2.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\3.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\4.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\5.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\6.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\splash.jpg
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\WideLogo.png
C:\Users\mitko\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\Application4\Application4\bin\Debug\Assets\logoNOBG.png
